DOC-1758: release-notes5106.md, nav.yml & events.md (#2542)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: release-notes/release-notes5106.md

With this update, {{site.productname}} includes a change in the filtering that prevents the attribute stripping. Consequently, serialization no longer strips attributes from elements.

> **NOTE**: The {{site.productname}} 5.10.6 SaxParser method now works the same way as it does in {{site.productname}} 6.

### Notifications did not properly reposition when toggling fullscreen mode

A {{site.productname}} toolbar option, *Fullscreen*, toggles the {{site.productname}} editor between the size it takes by default and, as the toolbar’s name suggests, fullscreen. Fullscreen is the largest size available to the editor (ie, taking up all the space available to {{site.productname}} in the browser).

If a {{site.productname}} instance had a custom notification, `+editor.notificationManager.open()+`, set to display when the *Fullscreen* button was used, toggling from Fullscreen back to default resulted in the notification displaying outside the {{site.productname}} editor.

{{site.productname}} 5.10.6 corrects this. When toggling between the two *Fullscreen* states, custom notifications now display immediately below the toolbar in either state, as expected.

> ## Changes

Author: > it’s expected it should fire since the editor resizes

Which argues for the language used in the _Toggling fullscreen mode with the `fullscreen` plugin now also fires the `ResizeEditor` event_ note to be changed.

It currently reads:

> As part of that fix, a change was made to the `fullscreen` plugin.

It should, perhaps, and given ‘expected’ above, read:

> As part of that fix, an error in the `fullscreen` plugin was corrected.

Also, this change constitutes something of an argument for retaining the NOTE above, albeit also with an edit to emphasise the correction:

> **NOTE**: {{site.productname}} 5.10.6 includes a fix to the `fullscreen` plugin. When toggling fullscreen mode with the `fullscreen` plugin it now fires the `ResizeEditor` event, as expected.

With this update, the link detection logic has been improved to capture and present such URLs correctly.

Now, pasting the string 

`https://example.com/!exclamation-point`

results in the following, complete, link and no trailing text

```html
<a href="https://example.com/!exclamation-point">https://example.com/!exclamation-point</a>
```

> **NOTE**: Exclamation points and colons are still boundary characters for URL detection and delimiting. If the string `https://example.com/colon:` is pasted or typed into a {{site.productname}} document, automatic link detection will produce a link that does not include the trailing colon character.

For information on the PowerPaste plugin, [PowerPaste plugin]({{site.baseurl}}plugins/premium/powerpaste/).

## Accompanying Premium self-hosted server-side component changes

The {{site.productname}} 5.10.6 release includes changes affecting the {{site.productname}} **self-hosted** services for the following plugins:

- The Enhanced Media Embed plugin (`mediaembed`)
- The Image Tools plugin (`imagetools`)
- The Link Checker plugin (`linkchecker`)
- The Spell Checker Pro plugin (`tinymcespellchecker`)

> The Java server-side components have been updated to the following versions:

Reviewer: @brian-forte Here are the version numbers for services based on BOM (https://ephocks.atlassian.net/browse/TINY-8884) & 5.10.6 RC package verification by QA -

**Services**

- Hyperlinking 2.105.13
- Image proxy 2.106.4
- Spelling 2.118.6
 
Can you please check and make changes accordingly?

Author: > Can you please check and make changes accordingly?

Checked. Corrected one version number string. The text is now as follows:

```asciidoc
- `ephox-spelling.war`: 2.118.6
- `ephox-hyperlinking.war`: 2.105.13
- `ephox-image-proxy.war`: 2.106.4
```

For information on:

- The Spell Checker Pro plugin, see: [Spell Checker Pro plugin]({{site.baseurl}}/plugins/premium/tinymcespellchecker/).
- The Link Checker plugin, see: [Link Checker plugin]({{site.baseurl}}/plugins/premium/linkchecker/).
- The Image Tools plugin, see: [Image Tools plugin]({{site.baseurl}}/plugins/opensource/imagetools/).
- The Enhanced Media Embed plugin, see: [Enhanced Media Embed plugin]({{site.baseurl}}/plugins/premium/mediaembed/).
- Deploying the server-side components, see: [Server-side component installation]({{site.baseurl}}/enterprise/server/).

### Updating the self-hosted server-side components

The new versions of the server-side services provide updates for the Java-based server-side components. To deploy the updated version of the server-side components:

1. Update your Java Application Server to the minimum required version:

    - Eclipse Jetty 9.4 or later
    - Apache Tomcat:
        - 9 or later
        - 8.5.12+
        - 8.0.42+
        - 7.0.76+

> 2. Replace the existing server-side `.war` files with the `.war` files bundled with {{site.productname}} 5103 or later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Replace the existing server-side `.war` files with the `.war` files bundled with {{site.productname}} 5.10.6 or later.
```
Just noticed this sorry.

For information on:

- Deploying the server-side components, see: [Server-side component installation]({{site.baseurl}}/enterprise/server/).
- Deploying the server-side components using Docker, see: [Containerized service deployments]({{site.baseurl}}/enterprise/server/dockerservices/).

## General bug fixes

{{site.productname}} 5.10.6 provides fixes for the following bugs:

### The name and id attributes of some elements were incorrectly removed during serialization

> Previously, when {{site.productname}} serialized an object, a bug in the SaxParser incorrectly removed `name` and `id` attributes from some elements (for example, `img` and `iframe` elements, among others).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, when {{site.productname}} serialized the HTML, a bug in the SaxParser incorrectly removed `name` and `id` attributes from some elements (for example, `img` and `iframe` elements, among others).
```
There's only one type of "object" here it'll serialize 🤷 Alternatively we could say "editor content" or similar.

Author: *editor content* it is.
